.\" Copyright (C) 2000 by Martin Buck <mbuck@debian.org>
.\" Licensed under the GNU General Public License
.TH props 1 "Version 3.2p1" XView

.SH NAME
props \- Change OpenWindows settings

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B props
[
.I generic-tool-arguments
] 

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBprops\fP can be used to change certain settings for OpenWindows/XView
programs using a GUI. As most of these settings are stored in
OpenWindows-specific X resources, they won't have an influence on
non-OpenWindows programs.
.PP
These are the settings that can be modified using \fBprops\fP (their meaning
\is explained in \fBxview\fP (7)):
.TP
OpenWindows.Beep
.TP
OpenWindows.DragRightDistance
.TP
OpenWindows.IconLocation
.TP
OpenWindows.MultiClickTimeout
.TP
OpenWindows.PopupJumpCursor
.TP
OpenWindows.ScrollbarPlacement
.TP
OpenWindows.SelectDisplaysMenu
.TP
OpenWindows.SetInput
.TP
OpenWindows.WindowColor
.TP
OpenWindows.WorkspaceColor
.TP
Scrollbar.JumpCursor
.TP
*displayLang:   C
.TP
*timeFormat:    C
.TP
*basicLocale:   C
.TP
*inputLang:     C
.TP
*numeric:       C


.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fIgeneric-tool-arguments\fP"
\fBprops\fP accepts the \s-1XV\s0iew generic tool arguments described in
\fBxview\fP (7).

.SH FILES
.IP ~/.Xdefaults
Stores user's resource values. Modified by \fBprops\fP when new settings are
applied.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Martin Buck <mbuck@debian.org> for Debian
GNU/Linux.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xview (7)

.SH BUGS
\fBprops\fP saves all resources currently defined in the X server to
\fI~/.Xdefaults\fP, overwriting its current contents. This will remove
comments and conditionals, reorder resources and also save resources which
were originally loaded into the server by other means.
.PP
The color selector is available only on display classes GrayScale,
PseudoColor and DirectColor.
